Thank you for using jr Kyushu today as well
This train is Goto center bound was sakura no
The stop on the way is Kurume
It is Kumamoto
Increasing at the beginning of the clouds stop at every time or area to the end point Kagoshima center
We will then guide you in the company
This train is a six-car train
The free seat is the 1st car 2nd car 3rd car
This train is non-smoking
You can not smoke in- house
The passenger compartment is the fourth car
Make sure that your mobile phone is switched to silent mode and does not bother other customers.
Thank you for your cooperation
ha
Please use the Shinkansen today too
Thank you
The elderly are
100 429
Aoshima Central Line Station
Stop station
Kurume
Kumamoto do
New Yatsushiro
Shin Minamata
Bizby
Sendai end is Kagoshima center
20:42 in the middle of Kumamoto
The end point Kagoshima center
It is the arrival of 21 o'clock 42 minutes
me
Thank you
If you find something in- house
Never touch the Zuu Zuu
Please notify the janitor
Driver of jr Kyushu
Nakano and
Conductor with Fujita
Flight attendants are unknown and Magau
We will guide you to the end point Kagoshima center
The if suppressed
Please say
0 inch nailless bunker waterside Shinkansen
Based on class super express bound parka 9 c erase
And Starfines Kurume Anti you also Cheung
It is the bell bear motor size and Sutapena Le sound station Ne there
In one case the flight is in the tag c mature u charm
Basic State Carson Miss Chain
Guard one to three papas gems version
Destini esprit d non smokin
please be a fine photo story la om train
It was only I thought to Ise Namba 4
Khan cheap squirrel another Enlai bumper in such in 1
Years ago
Etc. Ne we say in the new Kansai will gauge who's
To the second volume Mr.
er person year Shinkansen Sakura Kagoshima Centrally Marked Leader
Pojongjeong Sayogun Kurume
Kumamoto goodness
Kuma Back Chiba Lamyon Cheongcheon
Kagoshima Central Fire I'm down Chung Chang 2 bullets
Yau Chang Yun Yang your egg
楚 楚 お 茶 tea
Samo CHINEY BAR
2 bullets to Iayu chan Yeah Chong Cha Liang Kunya
I'm pouring the number of balls to eat at night chanee
But in Kanzan
Head chunk is only water is mind's eye support file m
Dan 2 beige of the rally's worth Oh today I met another
New publication support confusion
Sean plate look at the Tokyo Pincher previous sound
8 Pyongyang during a fault sofa 4 Jean blew the E was Oda Chonge is'll be N Mom t
Dance book pen pen Shrimp lost car
Good ha ha ha ha book how to car
Shubo Doi break Takeshi Author share
Vance by the change is鎮遠
Soi fall Tashi Anna English Nancy Garden
Parent-child fake